Kristen Carraway, Lisenced Massage Therapist since 2009

Bio:
I have lived in Charlotteville almost my whole life, besides when
 I attended George Mason University In Fairfax to earn my bachelors in Psychology.
After college, I found that most jobs in that field required further
 education, so I begin working 40 hours per week as a front desk associate.  I had always been interested in massage and natural wellness.  When I learned that the Virginia school of massage offered night classes that would allow me to earn my certification in a little over a year AND I wouldn’t affect my daytime work hours, I enrolled immediately and havn’t looked back. 

I have been doing massage for the last 8 years, doing at least 20 hours
 of massage per week.  

My technique involves a combination of things; but I am most often characterized
 as a deep tissue specialist.  
Contrary to popular belief, Deep tissue, when done correctly, should actually
 feel good rather than hurt.  I always check in on pressure and encourage
 my clients to let me know anytime if they require more or less pressure.  

I was awarded Massage Therapist of the year in 2015 by the massage clinic where I worked.  
This was due to my high request rate and 95% client satisfaction rating average for the year.  

MASSAGE PHILOSOPHY

Our bodies go through a lot.  Sitting at a desk all day, or even sleeping 'wrong'
 can cause muscle fibers to adhere to each other and not work the way they are 
 supposed to.  Certain muscles become shortened or stuck in a contracted position,
 while others become sore and tired from working overtime to pick up the slack.  
The simple fact that most of us are not ambidextrous means that certain muscles
 get used and abused more than others.  This is something we can try to be more
 mindful of, but it's always going to be true to some extent.  
I don't have a "routine" when it comes to my sessions.  I use my hands to feel
 for muscle tension, adhesions, and trigger points. And I'm not afraid to dig
 in when I find an area that requires more pressure and/or attention!
My goal is to provide a comfortable experience, and I am always open
 to feedback on how to tailor the massage to your specific needs/likes
 and dislikes.  After all, who knows your body better than you?!


